Oh I've forgotten to mail you the minutes,. but I will do. Will you guys first with your prototype before we get to the good news? Okay, have you got a presentation to make?
No, not mine yet.
We made three for you. one's based on the banana, one's based on the tomato. so this is the non to non no buttons one,. or as few buttons as possible,. mainly speak recognition. If you do need buttons, you can flip it over, and there's some there,
Well I like the feel of it, I like the feel of it.
But that's the that yellow stand there represents the the charging stand. the black on the back is the slogan. but also we're gonna have the company name on the front, which is the little black kind of line in the middle. These are the two scroll ones which we thought could be channel up and down and volume up and down. it does actually feel quite ergonomic,. obviously I don't think that's real sized. It would have to be a bit bigger. that's a speaker at the top,. Oh that's the charging base prongs at the bottom. And then the big red button in the middle is the on and off one. and and we have the banana-based one too.
This one is, I suppose for the younger audiences.
Well, nice to have options at least.
So are there any improvements or issues or
Main problem that we have unfortunately being finance. let's just enter in the evaluation criteria. the unit we are currently going to produce minus the extra scroll buttons, it's gonna cost us fourteen point six Euros. So basically, in order to save our two Euros I was thinking that we could have essentially the same shape, but just have it flattened. Doesn't save us quite as much.
W why is the double curved two of them?
Oh, good point. I think it means double curved as in. like a single curve on that bottom half, and the double curved would be if it was that similar curve upward. and why why I've got it two, I don't know,
But you think it should be one.
Okay, so that would take away three, which would give us. Eleven eleven Euros sixty.
So we could even add something.
Ah yeah, we could add things.
Yeah, if we're happy with the design there's no point in spending money, if we don't have to.
Project process, how do we think that went?
Yeah I think we have a a winning product.
Room for creativity, were we happy with that?
W I think we were very creative.
Teamwork. I thought went well.
Yeah, everyone got enough input, I think.
These pens are are neat though.
Yeah, these are new ideas, like glow-in-the-dark or something like that.
So just general thumbs up for all of us then.
Brian, have you have you finished? At last mine is also the presentation.
Oh, you got a presentation,. we forgot to mention. it'll be made out of kind of a rubbery latex, new material that we've got.
So now is the final evaluation, final evaluation of the of our product. whether it meets our standards or not. w we together have to decide wha what rating we will give to this product and everything. We will give the rating to this product based on the user requirements, whether it meets the user requirements or not, this product. Then trends, whether it is as fashion trends or not? Then marketing strategy of the company. Now comes the criteria rating with seven point scale. what do you think whether it meets all user requirements or not?
It had all the basic buttons that they needed as well as the new technology that people said they wanted. Seven is good, yeah, isn't it? True or false?
One is means highest ranking,. So it's one for from your point of view.
I'm gonna give it a two.
Oh, I'll go for a one.
For me personally it is everything fine,. but there is one thing which limits the customers,. like we are having only two, three designs,. But if a person doesn't like banana, or orange, you are limiting him. So we are showing our preference for particular fruits,
Is that no is that not trends?
Because whatever companies they launch their products in the shape of fruits, they give a range of products, a range of shapes,
But in electronics, I think, it's not always quite so you don't always have so many choices as with chocolates.
We are doing a very wrong thing.
We're gonna average them?
I have taken it very wrongly.
About one point one point eight.
Well going on the specifications that we had, that fruit and vegetables are quite popular, and that people like something that is good to look at and not many buttons, I would give it,. well, because it's hard to make a fruit good to look at, that that looks cool, you know,. so I would actually give it a three.
'Kay. As far as the technology it its' got the latest trends in speech technology,. but it doesn't have that fancy solar power or the the vibrating energy mechanism.
It might be trendy to some, but I'm just not swallowing the fruit,
Personally I wi I think that in terms of trends, these products are quite good,. It is cus spongy also. So what about company strategy?
Well, I think it's the the remote control conforms to the the company strategy.
Pretty much kept to the company strategy, so I would go for a a one, as we not only kept it, but we were limited by
Overall we are getting two something,. So we can launch it. Yeah.
'Cause we've evaluated and we are within budget.